d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\play.g.i.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\play.g.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\App.xaml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\App.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\play.xaml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\play.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\App.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\play.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\Cricket.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\Cricket.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\resources.pri
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\Cricket.build.appxrecipe
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\Cricket.exe
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\Cricket.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\resultpage.g.i.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\resultpage.g.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\resultpage.xaml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\resultpage.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\resultpage.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\toss.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\toss.g.i.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\toss.g.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\toss.xaml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\toss.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\batfirst.g.i.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\batfirst.g.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\batfirst.xaml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\batfirst.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\batfirst.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\about.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\about.g.i.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\about.g.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\about.xaml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\about.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\bin\Debug\secondinn.xbf
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\secondinn.g.i.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\secondinn.g.cs
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\secondinn.xaml
d:\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cricket\Cricket\obj\Debug\secondinn.xbf
